Last modified: 09/05/2024

1. **Overview**
  1.	Thank you for visiting our website at https://jns.jfinchain.com (**Website**), owned and operated by J Ventures Co., Ltd. These Terms of Use (these “Terms”) govern your access to and use of the JVC website; including without limitation the creation, purchase, sale, exchange, or modification of certain digital assets; our online and/or mobile services, and software provided on or in connection with those services (collectively, the “JFIN Name Service”, or JNS).
  2.	**By accessing and using any part of this Website or the website-hosted user interface accessible at https://jns.jfinchain.com (“Interface”), you have indicated acceptance to be legally bound by these Terms of Use. If you do not agree to these Terms of Use, your sole and exclusive remedy is to exit this Website and/or Interface (as the case may be).**
  3.	For the purposes of these Terms of Use, references to “**J VENTURES**”, “**we**”, “**us**” or “**our**” shall refer to VENTURES Co., Ltd. We may, from time to time, engage independent subcontractors to operate and/or maintain the Website and the Interface (“**Subcontractors**”).
  4.	These Terms of Use govern access to and use of our Website and any services provided via our Interface (as defined below). You must not access or use our Website or Interface except in accordance with the Terms of Use, any applicable laws and any other notices, policies or conditions that J VENTURES may issue to the public or to you, or update on this Website, from time-to-time. 
  5.	These Terms of Use may be updated from time to time. All changes will be published on this page, and your use of this Website after such changes have been published will indicate your agreement to the modified Terms of Use and all of the changes. As such, you are reminded to check the Website on a regular basis to obtain the most updated version of the Terms of Use.
  6.	In the event of any inconsistency between the provisions in these Terms of Use and any terms and conditions of a separately signed agreement with you to the extent that such agreement authorizes you to use our Website or Interface, the terms and conditions in such separately signed agreement shall prevail.

2. **Eligibility**
  1. **This Website and Interface is available only to entities and persons who have reached the age of legal majority and are competent to enter into a legal binding agreement under applicable laws**.
  2. By accessing or using the Website and/or Interface, you represent to us and the Subcontractors that:
    1.	you are at least eighteen years’ old, or the age of majority in your jurisdiction, whichever higher and have the full right, power, and authority to enter into and comply with these Terms of Use on behalf of yourself and any company or legal entity for which you may access or use the Website and/or Interface; and
    2.	you are not:
       1.	the subject of sanctions administered or enforced by the United Nations, the European Union, any country in the European Union, the United States of America, Thailand, or any other country or governmental authority (“**Sanctions**”);
       2.	a citizen of, located in, resident in, or organized under the laws of, any jurisdiction that has been designated as non-cooperative with international anti-money laundering principles or procedures by an intergovernmental group or organization, such as the Financial Action Task Force, or subject of Sanctions;
       3.	your access and use of the Website and/or Interface will fully comply with all applicable laws and regulations, and that you will not access or use the Website and/or Interface to conduct, promote, or otherwise facilitate any illegal activity; and
       4.	you are financially and technically sophisticated enough to understand the inherent risks associated with using cryptographic and blockchain-based systems, and that you have a working knowledge of the usage and intricacies of digital assets such as Ether, Ethereum Name Service token and other digital assets such as those following the ERC-20 token standard. In particular, you understand that blockchain-based transactions are irreversible and J VENTURES and the Subcontractors shall not be liable for any issues arising therefrom.

3. **Use of Website**
  1.	You must not do or attempt to do anything of the following, or use this Website to do any of the following, without our prior written consent: -
    1.	use this Website in any manner that could damage, disable, overburden or impair any service provided or function of via the Website (or the network(s) connected to the Website) or interfere with any other party’s use or enjoyment of any such service or the Website;
    2.	access the Website from a different blockchain address if we have blocked any of your other blockchain addresses from accessing the Website unless you have our written permission first;
    3.	gain unauthorized access to the Website, other accounts, computer systems or networks connected to the Website, or our internal and external servers through hacking, password mining or any other means;
    4.	obtain or attempt to obtain any materials, content or data through any means not intentionally made available through the Website;
    5.	manipulate any content on the Website by way of hacking, backdoor code insertion, or any other means;
    6.	decompile, reverse engineer or disassemble our Website
    7.	infringe or misappropriate our IPR (as defined below) or the IPR of any person;
    8.	use our Website in any manner that could negatively affect or is prejudicial to J VENTURES’s reputation;
    9.	use our Website or services provided for or in connection with money laundering, terrorist financing, or other illicit financial activity, or in any way in connection with the violation of any law or regulation that applies to you or to J VENTURES;
    10.	use our Website, or services provided by J VENTURES directly or indirectly, for, on behalf of, or for the benefit of any natural or legal person that is (i) the subject of Sanctions, or (ii) citizen of, located in, resident in, or organized under the laws of, any jurisdiction that has been designated as non-cooperative with international anti-money laundering principles or procedures by an intergovernmental group or organization, such as the Financial Action Task Force, or subject of Sanctions; or
    11.	use our Website in any manner or for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these Terms of Use or any other notices and conditions that J VENTURES may issue from time-to-time.
  2.	In these Terms of Use:
     1.	“**IP**” means all technology and intellectual property, regardless of form, including:
          1.	copyrights, published and unpublished works of authorship, including audiovisual works, collective works, computer programs (including source code and object code), compilations, databases, derivative works, user interfaces, graphics, literary works, mask works, and sound recordings (“**Works of Authorship**”);
          2.	inventions and discoveries, including articles of manufacture, business methods, compositions of matter, improvements, machines, methods, and processes and new uses for any of the preceding items (“**Inventions**”);
          3.	text, images, service marks, symbols, devices, designs, trade dress and other designations, and combinations of the preceding items, used to identify or distinguish a business, good, group, product, or service or to indicate a form of certification, including logos, product designs, and product features (“**Trademarks**”);
          4.	information that is not generally known or readily ascertainable through proper means, whether tangible or intangible, including algorithms, ideas, designs, formulas, know-how, methods, processes, programs, prototypes, systems, and techniques.
     2.	“**IPR**” means all rights in, arising out of, or associated with IP in any jurisdiction, including:
          1.	rights in, arising out of, or associated with Works of Authorship, including rights in user interfaces, graphics, databases and rights granted under applicable copyright laws;
          2.	rights in, arising out of, or associated with Inventions, including rights granted under applicable patent laws;
          3.	rights in, arising out of, or associated with Trademarks, including rights granted under applicable trademark laws;
          4.	rights in, arising out of, or associated with confidential information, including rights granted under applicable trade secrets laws;
          5.	rights in, arising out of, or associated with a person’s name, voice, signature, photograph, or likeness, including rights of personality, privacy, and publicity (“**Personality Rights**”);
          6.	rights of attribution and integrity and other moral rights of an author (“**Moral Rights**”); and
          7.	rights in, arising out of, or associated with domain names.
  3.	Except as otherwise provided or agreed between you and J VENTURES, the IP of our Website, including but not limited to the contents of our Website, text, software, code, scripts, webpages, graphical user interface, photographs, video, graphics or other material, are for your personal and non-commercial use only. The IP of our Website shall not be used, modified, reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted, performed, licensed or otherwise used or distributed in any way, without the prior permission of J VENTURES. Any action as such will be a violation of J VENTURES’s, its Subcontractors’ or third parties’ IPR. To use any parts of the contents of our Website other than for personal and non-commercial use, the user must seek permission from J VENTURES and/or the relevant third party in writing. J VENTURES reserves the right to refuse permission without providing any reasons.
  4.	This Website contains hyperlinks to other websites which are not maintained by or under the control of J VENTURES (“**Linked Sites**”). J VENTURES, and its Subcontractors are not responsible for the contents, accuracy, availability, or functionality of those Linked Sites, including (without limitation) any link contained in a Linked Site or any updates to a Linked Site, and shall not be liable for any damages, loss or any other consequences arising from access to those Linked Sites. Use of the hyper-links and access to such Linked Sites are entirely at your own risk.
  5.	Hyperlinks to Linked Sites are provided as a convenience to the user. In no circumstances shall J VENTURES or its Subcontractors be considered to be associated or affiliated with any trade or service marks, logos, insignia or other devices used or appearing on Linked Sites to which this Website is linked. You are responsible for viewing and abiding by the terms of use or other policies of each Linked Site you access.
  6.	Your linking to, or your framing of this Website or any of the contents constitutes acceptance of these Terms of Use. This is deemed to be the case even after any changes or modifications to these Terms of Use are published. If you do not accept these Terms of Use, you must discontinue linking to, or framing of this Website or any of the contents therein.
  7.	Under no circumstances shall J VENTURES or its Subcontractors be considered to be associated or affiliated with any trade marks, logos, insignia or other devices used or appearing on Websites that link to this Website or any of the contents.
4. **Use of Services – JNS Interface**
  1.	The decentralized open source blockchain based naming protocol known as the Ethereum Name Service (“**Protocol**”) maintains a registry of all domains and subdomains based on the Ethereum blockchain through a series of smart contracts deployed on the Ethereum blockchain. Users may, through interacting with the Protocol, search such registry, register domains and subdomains and manage their registered names. The Interface is one, but not the exclusive, means of accessing the Protocol. You are responsible for conducting your own diligence on interfaces enabling you to access the Protocol to understand the fees and risks that they present.
  2.	Although legal entities associated with or engaged by J VENTURES (including the Subcontractors) may have developed much of the initial code for the Protocol, they, and J VENTURES do not provide, own, or control the Protocol, which is run by smart contracts deployed on the Ethereum blockchain. Upgrades and modifications to the Protocol are managed in a community-driven way by holders of the Ethereum Name Service token.
  3.	IMPORTANT DISCLAIMER: By accessing or using the Protocol whether via the Interface or otherwise, you hereby forbear to sue J VENTURES (including for the avoidance of doubt the Subcontractors), its employees, directors, agents and/or any of its affiliates for any losses, damages or costs incurred or which may be incurred by you as a result of use of the Interface and/or Protocol. You expressly acknowledge that no developer or entity involved in creating and deploying the Protocol will be liable for any claims or damages whatsoever associated with your use, inability to use, or your interaction with other users of, the Protocol, including without limitation any direct, indirect, special, incidental, exemplary or consequential damages, or loss of profits, business or goodwill, digital assets, or anything else of value and hereby release J VENTURES, the Subcontractors, each of its/their employees, directors, agents and/or any of its/their affiliates from responsibility, liability, claims, demands and/or damages (actual and consequential) of every kind and nature, known and unknown (including, but not limited to, claims of negligence), arising out of or related to the use of the Interface and/or Protocol.
  4.	You must not use our Interface in any of the manners set out in Clause 3.1 above, which shall apply mutatis mutandis to use of our Interface.
  5.	You understand that anyone can register and own a domain name (and its subdomains) that is not already registered on the registry maintained by the Protocol. You further understand that names registered on the registry maintained by the Protocol may expire and you are responsible for monitoring and renewing the registration of such names. As mentioned in Clause 4.2 above, you acknowledge that J VENTURES and its Subcontractors are not able to forcibly remove, prevent or otherwise interfere with the ability of any person to register a domain name on the registry operated by the Protocol and, without prejudice to the generality of Clause 4.3 and Clause 6 herein, you hereby forbear to sue J VENTURES, the Subcontractors, each of its/their employees, directors, agents and/or any of its/their affiliates, and acknowledge that J VENTURES and the Subcontractors will not be liable for any claims or damages whatsoever associated with your use, inability to use any domain names subject of registration, or to be registered, on the registry maintained by the Protocol.
  6.	You agree that the Interface is a purely non-custodial application, meaning you are solely responsible for the custody of the cryptographic private keys to the digital asset wallets you hold. These Terms of Use are not intended to, and does not, create or impose any fiduciary duties on us. To the fullest extent permitted by law, you acknowledge and agree that we owe no fiduciary duties or liabilities to you or any other party, and that to the extent any such duties or liabilities may exist at law or in equity, those duties and liabilities are hereby irrevocably disclaimed, waived, and foregone. You further agree that the only duties and obligations that we owe you are those set out expressly in these Terms of Use.
  7.	You acknowledge and accept that the cost and speed of transacting with cryptographic and blockchain-based systems such as Ethereum are variable and may increase dramatically at any time.
  8.	The Interface may contain references or links to third-party resources, including (but not limited to) information, materials, products, or services, that we do not own or control. In addition, third parties may offer promotions related to your access and use of the Interface. We do not endorse or assume any responsibility for any such resources or promotions. If you access any such resources or participate in any such promotions, you do so at your own risk, and you understand that these Terms of Use do not apply to your dealings or relationships with any third parties. You expressly relieve us of any and all liability arising from your use of any such resources or participation in any such promotions.
  9.	Except as otherwise provided or agreed between you and J VENTURES, the IP of our Interface, including but not limited to the contents of our Interface, text, software, code, scripts, webpages, graphical user interface, photographs, video, graphics or other material, are for your personal and non-commercial use only. The IP of our Interface shall not be used, modified, reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted, performed, licensed or otherwise used or distributed in any way, without the prior permission of J VENTURES. Any action as such will be a violation of J VENTURES’s, its Subcontractors’ or third parties’ IPR. To use any parts of the contents of our Interface other than for personal and non-commercial use, the user must seek permission from J VENTURES and/or the relevant third party in writing. J VENTURES reserves the right to refuse permission without providing any reasons. For the avoidance of doubt, unlike the Interface, the Protocol is comprised entirely of open-source or source-available software running on the public Ethereum blockchain.
  10.	We may require you to enter into separate written agreements with us to use our Interface. In such an event, the Terms of Service are to be read together with such written agreements but the written agreements will prevail in the event of any express conflict or inconsistency.
5. **Indemnification**<br/><br/>
  You shall fully indemnify J VENTURES, our affiliates, officers and employees, and our Subcontractors and partners and their officers or employees, against all actions or claims arising out of your breach of the terms and the provisions contained herein or in connection with your access to or use of our Website, Interface, the Protocol or services.
6. **Disclaimer of warranties**
  1.	Your access to and use of our Website, Interface and services is at your own risk. Our Website, Interface and the contents and services provided on or via our Website and Interface are provided on an “as-is” and “as-available” basis without warranties or representations of any kind. J VENTURES and its Subcontractors do not warrant or represent and disclaim any warranty or representation, whether implied, express or statutory and including (without limitation):
    1.	Any warranty or representation as to the accuracy, correctness, reliability, timeliness, non-infringement, title, merchantability or fitness for any particular purpose of any contents or functions on our Website or Interface;
    2.	any warranty or representation that the contents and services available on or through our Website or Interface will be uninterrupted or error-free, or that any defects will be corrected; or
    3.	any warranty or representation that the Website, Interface and the servers are and will be free of all viruses or other harmful or destructive elements; and
    4.	any warranty or representation that certain product / company names or material displayed on the Website or Interface may be IP belonging to third parties. J VENTURES does not warrant or represent that if you use such material, you will not infringe the legal rights of these third parties.
  2. **J VENTURES, the Subcontractors, its/their employees, directors, agents and/or any of its/their affiliates shall also not be liable for any losses, damages or costs incurred or which may be incurred by you as a result of the use of the Website, Interface, Protocol or services provided via the Website, Interface or Protocol including (without limitation) any damage or loss suffered as a result of reliance on the contents contained in or available from the Website or Interface, or any system, server or connection failure, error, interruption or delay in transmission.** You expressly acknowledge that J VENTURES and the Subcontractors will not be liable for any claims or damages whatsoever associated with your use, inability to use, or your interaction with other users of, the Website and/or Interface, including without limitation any direct, indirect, special, incidental, exemplary or consequential damages, or loss of profits, business or goodwill, digital assets, or anything else of value and hereby release J VENTURES, the Subcontractors, its/their employees, directors, agents and/or any of its/their affiliates from responsibility, liability, claims, demands and/or damages (actual and consequential) of every kind and nature, known and unknown (including, but not limited to, claims of negligence), arising out of or related to the use of the Website and/or Interface.
  
7. **Limitation of Liability**<br/><br/>
  To the fullest extent permitted by applicable laws, the total aggregate liability owing by us or to you arising out of or in connection with these Terms of Use, access to and use of the Website, Interface, Protocol and the services shall be capped at no more than three hundred United States Dollars (USD 300).
8. **General**
  1. <span style="text-decoration:underline;">New services</span><br/>
J VENTURES has the right, but will not be obliged to adapt and/or modify our Website or Interface or to introduce new services, functions and/or features (all such adaptations, modifications and/or new services, functions, applications, interfaces and features to be collectively referred to as “**New Services**”). The term “service” shall include New Services unless otherwise indicated. All New Services shall be governed by these Terms of Use and may be subject to additional terms and conditions (“**Additional Terms**”) which you shall be required to agree to before you proceed to use such New Services. In the event of any inconsistency between these Terms of Use and the Additional Terms, the Additional Terms shall prevail.
  2. <span style="text-decoration:underline;">Force majeure</span>.
Notwithstanding any other provision in these Terms of Use, J VENTURES and the Subcontractors will not be liable for non-performance, error, interruption or delay in the performance of our obligations, including (without limitation) the operations of the Website or the provision of any services via the Website or Interface, if this is due in whole or in part, directly or indirectly to a cause beyond J VENTURES’s or its Subcontractors’ reasonable control. Such causes include (without limitation):
    1.	Acts of God, including (without limitation) flood, lightning, fire, earthquakes and other natural disasters, including epidemics or pandemics as defined by the World Health Organization;
    2.	power failure, communications line interruption, technical and computer-related faults and breakdowns, server outage, website vandalism, computer virus invasion or attack, hacker attack, temporary or permanent website closure or shutdown (caused by governmental control or otherwise);
    3.	judgments, legislation, acts, orders, directives, policies, restrictions, regulations, bye-laws, prohibitions or measures of any kind on the part of any court, governmental, parliamentary and/or regulatory authority imposed or to be imposed after the fact; and
    4.	acts or omissions of any third party service providers or suppliers, or a party for whom J VENTURES is not responsible.
  3. <span style="text-decoration:underline;">Notices</span>. Any notices, demands or other communications, may be deemed served by J VENTURES by publishing them on this Website or by email or such other methods as prescribed in these Terms of Use from time to time. All such notices, demands or other communications are deemed served on you when:
    1.	published on this Website;
    2.	if by email, when sent to your email address notified to J VENTURES in writing; such email notice shall be effective on the date and time of transmission by the email server used by J VENTURES and/or our service provider, unless J VENTURES receives a non-delivery reply message or any error message indicating that the email was not successfully sent to your mailbox or your mail server or the mailbox of your designated service provider within twenty four (24) hours from the time of transmission of the email from the email server used by J VENTURES or our service provider; or
    3.	such other method as prescribed in these Terms of Use as amended from time to time.
  4. <span style="text-decoration:underline;">Records</span>. 
    You acknowledge and agree that J VENTURES’s records of the communications, transactions, instructions or operations made or performed, processed or effected through the Website by: 1. you or any person purporting to be you, acting on your behalf or purportedly acting on your behalf, with or without your consent; and 2. J VENTURES or any relevant person authorized by J VENTURES relating to the Website or the Interface (including the Subcontractors), shall be binding on you for all purposes whatsoever and shall be conclusive evidence of such communications, transactions, instructions or operations. You agree that such records are admissible as evidence and that you shall not challenge or dispute the admissibility, reliability, accuracy or the authenticity of the contents of such records merely on the basis that such records were in electronic form or were produced by or are the output of a computer system, and hereby waive any of your rights (if any) to so object.
  5. <span style="text-decoration:underline;">Termination or Suspension</span>. 
    We reserve the right to temporarily suspend or permanently disable your access to all or any part of our Website and/or Interface at any time for any reason, including (without limitation) where we suspect you to be in breach of these Terms of Use, without notice. Clauses 1.2, 2.2, 3.3, 4.3, 4.5, 4.9, 5 to 8 and any other right or obligation of the parties in these Terms of Use that, by its nature, should survive termination, expiration or assignment of these Terms of Use, shall survive any expiration, termination or assignment of these Terms of Use.
  6. <span style="text-decoration:underline;">Entire Agreement</span>. 
    These Terms of Use and any other documents incorporated herein by reference, constitutes the sole and entire agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter of the Terms of Use and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous understandings, agreements, representations and warranties, both written and oral, with respect to such subject matter.
  7. <span style="text-decoration:underline;">No Waiver</span>. 
    The rights and remedies of each party shall not be affected by any failure to exercise or delay in exercising any right or remedy or by the giving of any indulgence or by anything whatsoever except a specific waiver or release in writing and any such waiver or release shall not prejudice or affect any other rights or remedies of such party. No single or partial exercise of any right or remedy shall prevent any further or other exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right or remedy.
  8. <span style="text-decoration:underline;">Severability of provisions</span>.                        
    If any provision or part thereof of these Terms of Use is held to be invalid or unenforceable, such provision or part thereof shall be removed, or modified to the minimum extent necessary to affect our commercial intention, and the remaining provisions shall remain unchanged, valid and enforceable.
  9. <span style="text-decoration:underline;">Governing law*.*</span>
    These Terms of Use shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Thailand.
  10.	<span style="text-decoration:underline;">Dispute resolution</span>.
  11.	In the event of a dispute arising out of or in connection with these Terms of Use, the parties to the dispute shall use all reasonable efforts to resolve the dispute amicably.
  12.	If the dispute has not been amicably resolved within thirty (30) days of one party giving written notice of a dispute to the other, any dispute, controversy or claim arising under, out of, in connection with or in relation to these Terms of Use, including any dispute as to its existence, validity, interpretation, performance, breach or termination and any dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it shall be referred to and finally resolved by arbitration in accordance with the Arbitration Rules of the Thailand Arbitration Center or THAC for the time being in force, which rules are deemed to be incorporated by reference in this Clause, and the conduct of the arbitration thereof shall be under the administration of the Thailand Arbitration Center or THAC. The arbitral tribunal shall consist of one (1) arbitrator. The seat of the arbitration shall be Thailand. The language of the arbitration shall be English. This arbitration agreement shall be governed by the laws of Thailand. This Clause shall not affect the right of any party to these Terms of Use to seek such urgent interlocutory relief and the parties to these Terms of Use agree irrevocably and unconditionally to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Thailand in respect thereof.

9. **Indemnification**<br/><br/>
  To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, you agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless JVC, and our respective past, present and future employees, officers, directors, contractors, consultants, equity holders, suppliers, vendors, service providers, parent companies, subsidiaries, affiliates, agents, representatives, predecessors, successors and assigns (individually and collectively, the “JVC Parties”), from and against all actual or alleged third party claims, damages, awards, judgments, losses, liabilities, obligations, penalties, interest, fees, expenses (including, without limitation, attorneys’ fees and expenses) and costs (including, without limitation, court costs, costs of settlement and costs of pursuing indemnification and insurance), of every kind and nature whatsoever, whether known or unknown, foreseen or unforeseen, matured or unmatured, or suspected or unsuspected, in law or equity, whether in tort, contract or otherwise (collectively, “Claims”), including, but not limited to, damages to property or personal injury, that are caused by, arise out of or are related to (a) your use or misuse of the Service, User Information or Digital Assets, (b) any feedback you provide, (c) your violation of these Terms, and (d) your violation of the rights of a third party, including another user or MetaMask. You agree to promptly notify JVC of any third party Claims and cooperate with the JVC Parties in defending such Claims. You further agree that the JVC Parties shall have control of the defense or settlement of any third party Claims. THIS INDEMNITY IS IN ADDITION TO, AND NOT IN LIEU OF, ANY OTHER INDEMNITIES SET FORTH IN A WRITTEN AGREEMENT BETWEEN YOU AND JVC.
10.	**Disclaimers**<br/><br/>
  EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED TO THE CONTRARY IN A WRITING BY JVC, THE SERVICE, CONTENT CONTAINED THEREIN, AND DIGITAL ASSETS LISTED THEREIN ARE PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. JVC (AND ITS SUPPLIERS) MAKE NO WARRANTY THAT THE SERVICE: (A) WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS; (B) WILL BE AVAILABLE ON AN UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE, OR ERROR-FREE BASIS; OR (C) WILL BE ACCURATE, RELIABLE, COMPLETE, LEGAL, OR SAFE. JVC DISCLAIMS ALL OTHER WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT AS TO THE SERVICE, CONTENT CONTAINED THEREIN. JVC DOES NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT CONTENT ON THE SERVICE IS ACCURATE, COMPLETE, RELIABLE, CURRENT OR ERROR-FREE. WE WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS OF ANY KIND FROM ANY ACTION TAKEN OR TAKEN IN RELIANCE ON MATERIAL OR INFORMATION, CONTAINED ON THE SERVICE. WHILE JVC ATTEMPTS TO MAKE YOUR ACCESS TO AND USE OF THE SERVICE AND CONTENT SAFE, JVC CANNOT AND DOES NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT THE SERVICE, CONTENT, ANY DIGITAL ASSETS LISTED ON OUR SERVICE OR OUR SERVERS ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. WE CANNOT GUARANTEE THE SECURITY OF ANY DATA THAT YOU DISCLOSE ONLINE. YOU ACCEPT THE INHERENT SECURITY RISKS OF PROVIDING INFORMATION AND DEALING ONLINE OVER THE INTERNET AND WILL NOT HOLD US RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY BREACH OF SECURITY UNLESS IT IS DUE TO OUR GROSS NEGLIGENCE.
  WE WILL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY LOSS AND TAKE NO RESPONSIBILITY FOR, AND WILL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR, ANY USE OF DIGITAL ASSETS, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY LOSSES, DAMAGES OR CLAIMS ARISING FROM: (A) USER ERROR SUCH AS FORGOTTEN PASSWORDS, INCORRECTLY CONSTRUCTED TRANSACTIONS, OR MISTYPED ADDRESSES; (B) SERVER FAILURE OR DATA LOSS; (C) CORRUPTED WALLET FILES; (D) UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO APPLICATIONS; (E) ANY UNAUTHORIZED THIRD PARTY ACTIVITIES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION THE USE OF VIRUSES, PHISHING, BRUTEFORCING OR OTHER MEANS OF ATTACK AGAINST THE SERVICE OR DIGITAL ASSETS.
  DIGITAL ASSETS ARE INTANGIBLE DIGITAL ASSETS. THEY EXIST ONLY BY VIRTUE OF THE OWNERSHIP RECORD MAINTAINED IN THE BINANCE SMART CHAIN NETWORK. ANY TRANSFER OF TITLE THAT MIGHT OCCUR IN ANY UNIQUE DIGITAL ASSET OCCURS ON THE DECENTRALIZED LEDGER WITHIN THE  PLATFORM. WE DO NOT GUARANTEE THAT JVC OR ANY JVC PARTY CAN EFFECT THE TRANSFER OF TITLE OR RIGHT IN ANY DIGITAL ASSETS.
  JVC is not responsible for sustained casualties due to vulnerability or any kind of failure, abnormal behavior of software (e.g., wallet, smart contract), blockchains or any other features of the Digital Assets. JVC is not responsible for casualties due to late report by developers or representatives (or no report at all) of any issues with the blockchain supporting Digital Assets including forks, technical node issues or any other issues having fund losses as a result.
  JVC is not responsible for any infringement arising out of KYC verified users’s trading within the platform, the platform acts as a free marketplace for buyers and sellers. Therefore, JVC and the platform shall not be held accountable for any fradulent acts committed between the users.
  Nothing in these Terms shall exclude or limit liability of either party for fraud, death or bodily injury caused by negligence, violation of laws, or any other activity that cannot be limited or excluded by legitimate means.
  SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES IN CONTRACTS WITH CONSUMERS, SO THE ABOVE EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
11.	**Assumption of Risk**<br/><br/>
  You accept and acknowledge:
    1. The prices of blockchain assets are extremely volatile. Fluctuations in the price of other digital assets could materially and adversely affect the Digital Assets, which may also be subject to significant price volatility. We cannot guarantee that any purchasers of Digital Assets will not lose money.
    2. You are solely responsible for determining what, if any, taxes apply to your Digital Assets transactions. Neither JVC nor any other JVC Party is responsible for determining the taxes that apply to Digital Assets transactions.
    3. Our Service does not store, send, or receive Digital Assets. This is because Digital Assets exist only by virtue of the ownership record maintained on its supporting blockchain. Any transfer of Digital Assets occurs within the supporting blockchain and not on this Service.
    4. There are risks associated with using an Internet based currency, including but not limited to, the risk of hardware, software and Internet connections, the risk of malicious software introduction, and the risk that third parties may obtain unauthorized access to information stored within your wallet. You accept and acknowledge that JVC will not be responsible for any communication failures, disruptions, errors, distortions or delays you may experience when using the Digital Assets, however caused.
    5. A lack of use or public interest in the creation and development of distributed ecosystems could negatively impact the development of those ecosystems and related applications, and could therefore also negatively impact the potential utility or value of Digital Assets.
    6. The regulatory regime governing blockchain technologies, cryptocurrencies, and tokens is uncertain, and new regulations or policies may materially adversely affect the development of the Auction and/or Service and the utility of Digital Assets.
    7. The Service will rely on third-party platforms such as MetaMask to perform the transactions for the Auction of Digital Assets. If we are unable to maintain a good relationship with such platform providers; if the terms and conditions or pricing of such platform providers change; if we violate or cannot comply with the terms and conditions of such platforms; or if any of such platforms loses market share or falls out of favor or is unavailable for a prolonged period of time, access to and use of the Service will suffer.
    8. There are risks associated with purchasing user generated content, including but not limited to, the risk of purchasing counterfeit assets, mislabeled assets, assets that are vulnerable to metadata decay, assets on smart contracts with bugs, and assets that may become untransferable. JVC reserves the right to hide collections, contracts, and assets affected by any of these issues or by other issues. Assets you purchase may become inaccessible on JVC. Under no circumstances shall the inability to view your assets on JVC serve as grounds for a claim against JVC.
12.	**Limitation of Liability**<br/><br/>
  TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL JVC BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY LOST PROFIT OR ANY INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES ARISING FROM THESE TERMS, THE SERVICE, PRODUCTS OR THIRD PARTY SITES AND PRODUCTS, OR FOR ANY DAMAGES RELATED TO LOSS OF REVENUE, LOSS OF PROFITS, LOSS OF BUSINESS OR ANTICIPATED SAVINGS, LOSS OF USE, LOSS OF GOODWILL, OR LOSS OF DATA, AND WHETHER CAUSED BY TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), BREACH OF CONTRACT, OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF FORESEEABLE AND EVEN IF JVC HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. ACCESS TO, AND USE OF, THE SERVICES, PRODUCTS OR THIRD PARTY SITES AND PRODUCTS ARE AT YOUR OWN DISCRETION AND RISK, AND YOU WILL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM OR MOBILE DEVICE OR LOSS OF DATA RESULTING THEREFROM.
  NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY CONTAINED HEREIN, IN NO EVENT SHALL THE MAXIMUM AGGREGATE LIABILITY OF JVC ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY RELATED TO THESE TERMS, THE ACCESS TO AND USE OF THE SERVICE, CONTENT, DIGITAL ASSETS, OR ANY PRODUCTS OR SERVICES PURCHASED ON THE SERVICE EXCEED THE GREATER OF (A) $100 OR (B) THE AMOUNT RECEIVED BY JVC FROM THE SALE OF DIGITAL ASSETS THAT ARE THE SUBJECT OF THE CLAIM.
  THE FOREGOING LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY SHALL NOT APPLY TO LIABILITY OF JVC FOR (A) DEATH OR PERSONAL INJURY CAUSED BY A MEMBER OF JVC’S NEGLIGENCE; OR FOR (B) ANY INJURY CAUSED BY A MEMBER OF JVC’S FRAUD OR FRAUDULENT MISREPRESENTATION
  Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you. Some jurisdictions also limit disclaimers or limitations of liability for personal injury from consumer products, so this limitation may not apply to personal injury claims.
13.	**Modifications to the Service**<br/><br/>
  We reserve the right in our sole discretion to modify, suspend or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the Services (or any features or parts thereof) or suspend or discontinue the Auction at any time and without liability therefore.
14.	**Dispute Resolution; Arbitration.**<br/><br/>
  1. Dispute Resolution. Please read the following arbitration agreement in this Section (“Arbitration Agreement”) carefully. It requires you to arbitrate disputes with JVC and limits the manner in which you can seek relief from us.
  2. Applicability of Arbitration Agreement. You agree that any dispute or claim relating in any way to your access or use of the Service, to any products sold or distributed through the Service, or to any aspect of your relationship with JVC, will be resolved by binding arbitration, rather than in court, except that (1) you may assert claims in small claims court if your claims qualify; and (2) you or JVC may seek equitable relief in court for infringement or other misuse of intellectual property rights (such as trademarks, trade dress, domain names, trade secrets, copyrights, and patents).
  3. Arbitration Rules and Forum. The Thai Arbitration Act B.E. 2545 governs the interpretation and enforcement of this Arbitration Agreement. To begin an arbitration proceeding, you must send a letter requesting arbitration and describing your claim to our registered agent Aber Group, 14 Soi Srinakarin 7, Srinakarin Road, Haumak, Bangkapi, Bangkok, Thailand 10240. The arbitration will be conducted by THAC, an established alternative dispute resolution provider. Disputes involving claims and counterclaims of capital under 2,500,000 Baht or US $ 77,750 equivalent can be proceeded at the minimum rate of 50,000 Baht or US $ 1550 equivalent for THAC fee, and at the minimum rate of 150,000 Baht or US $ 4,670 equivalent for per person arbitrator’s fee, not inclusive of attorneys’ fees and interest, shall be subject to THAC’s most current version of the Arbitration cost, rules and procedures available at https://thac.or.th/arbitration/; all other claims shall be subject to THAC’s most current version of the Comprehensive Arbitration Rules and Procedures, available at https://thac.or.th/arbitration/. THAC’s rules and Arbitrator’s lists are also available at https://thac.or.th/wp-content/uploads/2020/09/THAC-Arbitration-Rules.pdf and https://thac.or.th/panelists/ respectively, or by emailing at info@thac.or.th, or calling THAC at +66(0)2018 1615. If THAC is not available to arbitrate, the parties will select an alternative arbitral forum. The arbitrator may dismiss the case if the arbitrator finds that you cannot afford to pay THAC’s filing, administrative, hearing and/or other fees and cannot obtain a waiver from THAC. In addition, JVC will reimburse all such THAC’s filing, administrative, hearing and/or other fees for claims totaling less than $10,000 only if the case was ruled in your favor unless the arbitrator determines the claims are frivolous. You may choose to have the arbitration conducted by telephone, based on written submissions, or in person in the country where you live or at another mutually agreed location. Any judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction.
  4. Authority of Arbitrator. The arbitrator shall have exclusive authority to (a) determine the scope and enforceability of this Arbitration Agreement and (b) resolve any dispute related to the interpretation, applicability, enforceability or formation of this Arbitration Agreement including, but not limited to any claim that all or any part of this Arbitration Agreement is void or voidable. The arbitration will decide the rights and liabilities, if any, of you and JVC. The arbitration proceeding will not be consolidated with any other matters or joined with any other cases or parties. The arbitrator shall have the authority to grant motions dispositive of all or part of any claim. The arbitrator shall have the authority to award monetary damages and to grant any non- monetary remedy or relief available to an individual under applicable law, the arbitral forum’s rules, and the Terms (including the Arbitration Agreement). The arbitrator shall issue a written award and statement of decision describing the essential findings and conclusions on which the award is based, including the calculation of any damages awarded. The arbitrator has the same authority to award relief on an individual basis that a judge in a court of law would have. The award of the arbitrator is final and binding upon you and us.
  5. Waiver of Jury Trial. YOU AND JVC HEREBY WAIVE ANY CONSTITUTIONAL AND STATUTORY RIGHTS TO SUE IN COURT AND HAVE A TRIAL IN FRONT OF A JUDGE OR A JURY. You and JVC are instead electing that all claims and disputes shall be resolved by arbitration under this Arbitration Agreement, except as specified in Section 15(b) above. An arbitrator can award on an individual basis the same damages and relief as a court and must follow these Terms as a court would. However, there is no judge or jury in arbitration, and court review of an arbitration award is subject to very limited review.
  6. Waiver of Class or Other Non-Individualized Relief. ALL CLAIMS AND DISPUTES WITHIN THE SCOPE OF THIS ARBITRATION AGREEMENT MUST BE ARBITRATED ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS AND NOT ON A OR COLLECTIVE CLASS BASIS, ONLY INDIVIDUAL RELIEF IS AVAILABLE, AND CLAIMS OF MORE THAN ONE CUSTOMER OR USER CANNOT BE ARBITRATED OR CONSOLIDATED WITH THOSE OF ANY OTHER CUSTOMER OR USER. If a decision is issued stating that applicable law precludes enforcement of any part of this subsection’s limitations as to a given claim for relief, then that claim must be severed from the arbitration and brought in Thai courts located within the Kingdom of Thailand. All other claims shall be arbitrated.
  7. 30-Day Right to Opt Out. You have the right to opt out of the provisions of this Arbitration Agreement by sending written notice of your decision to opt out to the following address: J Ventures Co., Ltd.,191 Jaymart Building, Ramkamhaeng Road, Rat Phatthana, Saphan Sung, Bangkok, Thailand 10240, within 30 days after first becoming subject to this Arbitration Agreement. You may also submit your decision here. Your notice must include your name and address, the email address you used to set up your account (if you have one), and an unequivocal statement that you want to opt out of this Arbitration Agreement. If you opt out of this Arbitration Agreement, all other parts of these Terms will continue to apply to you. Opting out of this Arbitration Agreement has no effect on any other arbitration agreements that you may currently have, or may enter in the future, with us.
  8. Severability. Except as provided in this Section, if any part or parts of this Arbitration Agreement are found under the law to be invalid or unenforceable, then such specific part or parts shall be of no force and effect and shall be severed and the remainder of the Arbitration Agreement shall continue in full force and effect.
  9. Survival of Agreement. This Arbitration Agreement will survive the termination of your relationship with JVC.
  10. Modification. Notwithstanding any provision in these Terms to the contrary, we agree that if JVC makes any future material change to this Arbitration Agreement, you may reject that change within thirty (30) days of such change becoming effective by writing to JVC at the following address: 191 Jaymart Building, Ramkamhaeng Road, Rat Phatthana, Saphan Sung, Bangkok, Thailand 10240
  By rejecting any future change, you are agreeing that you will arbitrate any dispute between us in accordance with the language of this Arbitration Agreement as of the date you first accepted these Terms of Service (or accepted any subsequent changes to these Terms of Service).
15.	**Governing Law and Venue**<br/><br/>
  These Terms, your access to and use of the Service and Content, and your participation in the Auction shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the Kingdom of Thailand, without regard to conflict of law, rules, or principles of the Kingdom of Thailand, or any other jurisdiction that would cause the application of the laws. Any dispute between the parties that is not subject to arbitration or cannot be heard in small claims court, shall be resolved in the Civil Court, sitting within the Kingdom of Thailand.
16.	**Termination**<br/><br/>
  You agree that JVC, in its sole discretion, may suspend or terminate your account (or any part thereof) or use of the Platform and remove and discard any content within the Platform, for any reason, including, without limitation, for lack of use or if JVC believes that you have violated or acted inconsistently with the letter or spirit of these Terms of Service. Any suspected fraudulent, abusive or illegal activity that may be grounds for termination of your use of Platform, may be referred to appropriate law enforcement authorities. JVC may also in its sole discretion and at any time discontinue providing the Platform, or any part thereof, with or without notice. You agree that any termination of your access to the Platform under any provision of this Terms of Service may be affected without prior notice, and acknowledge and agree that JVC may immediately deactivate or delete your account and all related information and files in your account and/or bar any further access to such files or the Platform. Further, you agree that JVC will not be liable to you or any third party for any termination of your access to the Platform or to refund of any amounts that you have already paid to us, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law.
We do not get involved with User disputes.  
You agree that you are solely responsible for your interactions with any other Users in connection with the Platform and JVC will have no liability or responsibility with respect thereto. JVC reserves the right, but has no obligation, to become involved in any way with disputes between you and any other user of the Platform.
17.	**Severability**<br/><br/>
  If any term, clause or provision of these Terms is held invalid or unenforceable, then that term, clause or provision will be severable from these Terms and will not affect the validity or enforceability of any remaining part of that term, clause or provision, or any other term, clause or provision of these Terms.
18.	**Survival**<br/><br/>
  The following sections will survive the expiration or termination of these Terms and the termination of your Account: all defined terms and Sections 1-4 and 7-19.
19.	**Miscellaneous**<br/><br/>
  These Terms along with the Auction Rules constitute the entire agreement between you and JVC relating to your access to and use of the Services and Content, and your participation in the Auction. These Terms, and any rights and licenses granted hereunder, may not be transferred or assigned by you without the prior written consent of JVC prior, concurrent or subsequent circumstance, and JVC’s failure to assert any right or provision under these Terms shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. Except as otherwise provided herein, these Terms is intended solely for the benefit of the parties and are not intended to confer third party beneficiary rights upon any other person or entity.

